Fix typo (#284)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-ai-docs: articles/ai-foundry/model-inference/how-to/quickstart-github-models.md

## Next steps

> * [Explore the model catalog](https://ai.azure.com/github/models) in Azure AI Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Explore the model catalog](https://ai.azure.com/github/models) in Azure AI Foundry portal.
```
